Tên món ăn: Piernik (Polish gingerbread)
Category: Dessert
Nguồn Gốc: Polish

Nguyên liệu:
Unsalted Butter: 140g
Clear Honey: 300g
Brown Sugar: 100g 
Self-raising Flour: 375g
Ground Ginger: 3 tsp
Ground Cinnamon: 1 tsp
Ground Clove: 1/2 teaspoon
Ground Nutmeg: 1/4 tsp
Pepper: 1/4 tsp
Egg: 3 Large
Plum Jam: 200g
Double Cream: 225ml
Dark Chocolate: 140g
Clear Honey: 3  tablespoons

Công thức:
Heat oven to 160C/140C fan/gas 3. Grease and line the base and sides of a deep 20cm cake tin with baking parchment. Put the honey, sugar and butter in a medium saucepan and cook over a medium heat until fully melted. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Put the flour and spices in a large bowl and mix everything together.

step 2
Once the liquid ingredients have cooled, whisk in the eggs. Pour over the dry ingredients, whisking them together to form a smooth batter – be careful not to overmix as this can lead to a dry cake. Pour into the prepared tin and bake for 50-55 mins or until risen and a skewer inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean. Allow the cake to cool in the pan for 20 mins before turning out onto a wire rack to cool completely.

step 3
Once cooled, use a large serrated knife to slice the cake into 3 layers. Spread the jam across the 2 bottom cake layers, then reassemble the cake and set aside while you make the glaze. Put the cream, chocolate and honey in a medium pan and cook over a low-medium heat until the chocolate is melted and you have a smooth, pourable mixture. Put the cake on a wire rack set over a parchment-lined baking tray and pour over the glaze, making sure to cover the entire cake. Use a fish slice to carefully transfer the cake to a serving plate and allow the glaze to set. To decorate, dust with a little edible gold powder, if you like. Uniced, this cake will keep for up to 5 days. Once iced, enjoy within 3 days – just keep in the fridge, but remove before serving and eat at room temperature.

Youtube:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGkMAlrTu6g