Tên món ăn: Pistachio Kunafa Chocolate Cake and Cupcakes
Category: Dessert
Nguồn Gốc: Saudi Arabian

Nguyên liệu:
White Chocolate: 6 tablespoons
Unsalted Pistachio: 1 cup
Condensed Milk: 3  tablespoons
Milk: 5 tablespoons
Oreo Cream Biscuits: 25
Milk: 1/2 cup
Baking Powder: 1/2 teaspoon
Vinegar: 1/2 teaspoon
Salt: 1 pinch
Sevaiiya: 150g
Ghee: 1 tablespoon
Dark Chocolate: 120ml
Malai: 4 tablespoons

Công thức:
1
For Chocolate Cake:Ready all the ingredients. Powder the oreo biscuits, pinch salt and mix warm milk as needed and make a cake batter. Add in baking powder and vinegar and mix.
2
Grease a loose bottomed tin. Pour a 1cm thick layer of the batter.
3
Bake in a preheated oven @160°C for 7-8 minutes or until the knife comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.
4
For Homemade Pistachio Paste:Ready all the pistachio paste ingredients. Slightly melt white chocolate on a double boiler.(else the mixer blade may break) Coarsely powder the pistachio in mixer. Add in condensed milk.
5
Add in slightly warmed and slightly melted white chocolate and milk as required and crush to a smooth paste.(Green food colour can be add. I haven't.)
6
For Kunafa: In a kadhaai take ghee and roast the sevaiiya on slow gas. Keep stirring until a pleasant roasted aroma releases. Cool it. Add in the Homemade pistachio paste.Mix well.
7
Lip smacking Kunafa is ready. Spread a 2 cm layer on the cooled chocolate cake.
8
Melt dark chocolate and strained malai and prepare the chocolate ganache. Cool and pour on the Kunafa layer.
9
Garnish Pistachio Kunafa Chocolate Cake with chopped pistachio and silver balls. Keep in fridge for 2-3 hours. Then unmould the Kunafa Cake.
10
I also prepared Kunafa cupcakes. Cut and enjoy. The cake looked so pretty that we could either save it or have it!! ☺
11
Cross sectional view of the Pistachio Kunafa Chocolate Cake.
12
Enjoy with a new sweet delicacy this festive season with family and friends. 

Youtube:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vINcKAS7Ig8